---
title: Command: image_template
description: Generate and manage an image template.
published: true
date: 2021-08-27T17:34:26.755Z
tags: commands, image_template commands, image_template
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2021-08-15T20:45:37.456Z
---

The root command for the image template functionality. When called without a subcommand, acts as an alias of [image\_template generate](/commands/image_template/generate).

An image template is an image that can be accompanied with text. These templates usually consist of people making faces that convey an emotion, known as reaction faces. For example, a photo of a person's reaction to hearing about something very dumb (a face with a look of regret and pity) could be accompanied by a caption such as “when my friend Joe starts spouting League of Legends trivia during class”.

*Syntax:* `*image_template [url] [--name=] [--mode {"GUILD"|"1"|"GLOBAL"|"2"}=GLOBAL] [--message=]*`

# Generated Templates vs Saved Templates

An image template can be generated by providing a URL to an image. If you want to use the same image multiple times and do not want to copy-paste the URL every time, you can **save** the template with a unique name. When you want to use the template again, you can specify the name instead of the full URL. This is especially useful for very long URLs.

When an image template is saved, only the owner of the template can edit or delete the template. In order to transfer ownership, you will need to delete the template and have the other person re-save it.

# Template Modes

By default, all templates saved are global, meaning that everyone in every guild and in DMs with PokestarBot can use the image and see the URL it originated from. However, if there is a template that you want to use inside a server but not share with others, such as a real-life picture of someone, you can save it as a guild-only template. These templates can only be accessed inside of the guild they were saved in. Furthermore, a guild template and a global template can have the same name. In these cases, the guild template takes priority unless you explicitly use a flag to search through global templates only.

You cannot save or use guild templates in DMs with PokestarBot.

# Permissions

Everyone can run this command.

# Arguments

## url

The URL of the image.

*Note: In order to upload an image, send the image in a* separate *message (as a DM to PokestarBot, for example) and then copy the media link.*

## \--name=

The name to save the image template as. Setting a name will enable saving the image's URL as a template.

## \--mode=

If saving an image, the mode to save it as. Defaults to Global mode.

Type: [Literal Argument](/glossary/argument#literal-arguments)

### Valid Values

| Mode | Values (Case Insensitive) |
| --- | --- |
| [Guild Mode](/commands/image_template/modes#guild-mode) | -   `Guild`<br>-   `1` |
| [Global Mode](/commands/image_template/modes#global-mode) | -   `Global`<br>-   `2` |

## \--message=

An optional message that the bot will send with the image.

# Examples

An example usage of the command is `%image_template https://i.pinimg.com/564x/53/84/49/5384495502d8c84abd7e26accafeb223.jpg --message=When your friend starts sprouting antivax propoganda`

# Subcommands

-   [delete](/commands/image_template/delete)
-   [generate](/commands/image_template/generate)
-   [info](/commands/image_template/info)
-   [save](/commands/image_template/save)
-   [search](/commands/image_template/search)
-   [use](/commands/image_template/use)

# Aliases

*Note: This command has* [*additional automatically-created aliases.*](/glossary/alias#automatic-aliases)

-   `i_t`
-   `image_templates`
-   `img_template`
-   `templates`

# Subcommands

No slash commands link to the command.